e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\DataRelay.dll.config
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\DataRelay.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\DataRelay.pdb
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\obj\Debug\DataRelay.dll
e:\users\grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\obj\Debug\DataRelay.pdb
E:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\obj\Debug\DataRelay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\log4net.dll
E:\Users\Grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataRelay\DataRelay\bin\log4net.xml
